# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
**In 1-2 sentences, explain the problem statement: e.g "This dataset contains data about... we seek to predict..."**
This dataset contains data about socio-economical statuses, financial records and similars. Here we are seeking to predict if for a specific person a bankmarketing campaing will take place or not.

**In 1-2 sentences, explain the solution: e.g. "The best performing model was a ..."**
The best performing model was in this case was the "VotingEnsemble" with an accuracy of 0.91551

## Scikit-learn Pipeline
**Explain the pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm.**
The pipeline architecture could be described under the following steps:
- Workspace Creation:
This workspace is used to manage data, compute resources, code, models, and other artifacts related to machine learning workloads.
- Compute Instance Creation:
A compute instance should be created. This instance will be needed for training and managing our model, in this case to run the training process.
- Hyperdrive Configuration:
The Hyperdrive Configuration allows us to automate the hyperparameter tuning to control the model training process on much more efficient way thant the classic "manual" approach
Within the Hyperdrive Configuration two inputs allowed some nice benefits. These are:

Parameter Sample

**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
